Hungry and upset
If you don't listen to your parents, you have to pay
Sorry, mom and dad and your brother.
I know you can't 5 million
So you quickly draw a line with Dragon Days
We are your strong backing
I I
Mom mom
What nonsense am I telling you?
What a mess!
How could we possibly let you actually pay for it?
Ye Suifeng this 5 million
I take it as if you lent it to me.
Write you an IOU
I will pay you back if I smash the pot and sell the iron.
Han Xin, don't get excited
I won't let you suffer like this again
Don't you 5 million?
I can afford you to say anything stupid now
Which one of you five million
Brother Longjing Tian
You heard it clearly
That's five million dollars.
Not five hundred dollars
If you can come up with five million
I call you dad
Ok you remember what you said today
Don't be fooled then